Bluetooth: Mesh: Make metadata script handle multiple comp data (#14577)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/bt/bt_mesh/dfu_over_bt_mesh.rst

    Full metadata written to: APPLICATION_FOLDER\build\zephyr\dfu_application.zip

.. note::

>    It is required that the composition data is declared with the const-qualifier.
>    If the application contains more than one composition data structure (for instance when the structure to use is picked at runtime), the script will not print any encoded metadata.
>    In this case, the JSON file must be used to find the encoded metadata matching the composition data to be used by the device after the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   It is required that the Composition Data is declared with the ``const`` qualifier.
   If the application contains more than one Composition Data structure (for example, when the structure to be used is picked at runtime), the script will not print any encoded metadata.
   In this case, use the JSON file to find the encoded metadata matching the Composition Data to be used by the device after the update.
```
I see we use ``const`` qualifier in Zephyr, so probably ok to be consistent.
